Subscription update - Stripe (#396)
MerginMaps/docs: src/manage/permissions.md

- **Reader**: users with **read** permission are able to see the list of projects, projects data and [history](./project-details.md)
- **Writer**: in addition to the **Read** access, users can also do changes in the projects: [adding/removing/updating features](../field/input_features/), change [layer settings and project properties](../gis/features/). Users who are expected to actively contribute to the project need to have the **write** permission. 
- **Admin**: in addition to the **Write** access, users with this level of access can [delete the project](./project-advanced/#delete-a-project) or [transfer](./project-advanced/#transfer-a-project) it to another workspace. Admins can also create new projects and manage workspace members.

> - **Owner**: in addition to the **Admin** permission, owners have access to [invoicing and subscription](./subscriptions/) settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Owner**: in addition to the **Admin** role, owners have access to [invoicing and subscription](./subscriptions/) settings.
```

Members and their roles can be managed through <AppDomainNameLink /> in the [Members](./dashboard/#members) tab:
![Mergin Maps web members tab](./web-members.jpg "Mergin Maps web members tab")

### How to transfer ownership of a workspace
Ownership of a workspace can be transferred to another [workspace member](#workspace-member-roles). 

> Users with the **owner** member role have access to the **Subscriptions** in <AppDomainNameLink />. Every workspace has to have at least one owner, however, there can be multiple owners of one workspace.

Reviewer: How about
```suggestion
Users with the **owner** member role have access to the **Subscriptions** page in <DashboardShortName>. Every workspace has to have at least one owner, however, there can be multiple owners of one workspace.
```
